# Home

See [here](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Linear-feedback_shift_register) and [here](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Linear_congruential_generator) for an explanation of the functions in this package.

Randomness is very hard for a computer to get right.  This is why there are many tools to produce what we call _pseudo-random generators_ (from which _pseudo-random strings_ and _-numbers_ come).  These _look_ random; you would expect them to be somehow "patternless".  But how would you test if these are random?

Kolmogorov proposed the following definition of a random string:

> A sequence is random if it cannot be generated by an algorithm with a description much shorter than the sequence itself.

Obviously the sequence of all 1’s is not random according to the above definition, nor are the first _n_ digits of _π_.  In fact, it is very hard to describe a random string in Kolmogorov’s sense.  An alternative is to try to generate a sequence that has some desirable features of a random string. Such sequences are often called _pseudo-random sequences_.  What we would like is to be able to generate a sequence that could be used like a one-time pad without the inconvenience of having to store the whole sequence.

There are many different techniques to create pseudo-random generators. This repository gives just a couple of those methods, in a nice little package.

## Contents

```@contents
```

```@meta
CurrentModule = LinearShiftRegisters
DocTestSetup = quote
    using LinearShiftRegisters
end
```

## Adding LinearShiftRegisters.jl
```@repl
using Pkg
Pkg.add("LinearShiftRegisters")
```

## Documentation
```@autodocs
Modules = [LinearShiftRegisters]
```

## Index

```@index
```
